CORS/INFORMS conference (#11)
11michalis11/Talks: CORS-INFORMS2022/Abstract.md

# Recovering from inefficiencies in queueing systems with two consecutive waiting zones

The focus of this research is the development of a 3-player game between two 
queueing systems and a service that distributes individuals to them. 
The first aspect of this work is the creation of a queueing system with two 
consecutive waiting zones.
The second part is modelling the behaviours that emerge from the game theoretic

> model between two such queueing systems and a service distributing individuals
> to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
model between two such queueing systems and distribution system.
```

# Recovering from inefficiencies in queueing systems with two consecutive waiting zones

The main focus of this research is the development of a 3-player game between two queueing systems and a service that distributes individuals to them. The resultant model is then used to explore how the two queueing systems can escape certain learned inefficiencies.

> The first aspect of this work is the creation of a queueing system with two consecutive waiting zones. Such system is modelled using discrete event simulation and Markov chains. Both methods have been used to extract the performance measures of the queueing model (e.g mean waiting time in each room, mean number of individuals in each room). The second part of the work is the construction of a 3-player game theoretic model between two such queueing systems and a service that distributes individuals to them. Game theoretic concepts like the Nash equilibrium and learning algorithms were applied to the game to explore dynamics that arise between the players.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first aspect of this work is the creation of a queueing system with two consecutive waiting zones. Such a system is modelled using discrete event simulation and Markov chains. Both methods have been used to extract the performance measures of the queueing model (e.g mean waiting time in each room, mean number of individuals in each room). The second part of the work is to model the behaviours that emerge from the game theoretic model between two such queueing systems and a service that distributes individuals to them. Concepts like the Nash equilibrium and learning algorithms were applied to the game to explore dynamics that arise between the players.
```
